################################
## EasyClangComplete v. 3.0.0 ##
################################
This is a new major release. It has new functionality and deprecates some
settings. Despite my best efforts, the experience can be bumpy at first as the
change in the code was substantial. Please, open issues if anything is not
working as expected.

#####################
# Breaking changes! #
#####################
- Following settings not used anymore or updated:
  + `cmake_flags_priority`
  + `generate_flags_with_cmake`
  + `search_clang_complete_file`
  + `max_tu_age` changed to `max_cache_age`
- `.clang_complete` file will not get generated by the plugin anymore. Instead,
  the flags are loaded directly from their source file, e.g. `CMakeLists.txt`,
  `compile_commands.json` or user-defined `.clang_complete`.

#####################
# New functionality #
#####################
- New setting introduced:
  + `flags_sources` to allow specifying where the plugin will try to get flags
    for compilation from.
- When using `libclang` the plugin now filters private members, destructors,
  constructors and enums when needed. Thanks @simia for contribution.

#############
# Bug fixes #
#############
This release contains many bug fixes.
- Now every view has its own settings, so running multiple projects alongside
  won't confuse the plugin. All settings (apart from verbosity) make sense on
  project level and not only on global plugin level. You can have one project
  running with libclang and another using clang binary way alongside it. This
  will not break the plugin.
- Flags preserve the exact order they were added in. Before the order would be
  arbitrarily changed.
- Multiple minor bug fixes

################
# Contributors #
################
This release would not be possible as it is without the help of awesome people:
@simia, @rchl, @brupelo, @randy3k

############
## Thanks ##
############
It is really important for me that you are using the plugin. If you like it -
tell other people about it and/or support it by bying me a cup of tea:
https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete#support-it

If you have problems - submit issues and we will try our best to solve them.

If you are a developer and care to contribute - you are very much welcome!
